---
title: About
bg: color1
color: black
<!-- icon: brain-network.png -->
---

# Cogmaster
## Track: Cognitive science & applications

How does the human brain acquire or reacquire knowledge? How does it interact with technological objects or with other brains? Cognitive sciences have more and more applications in extremely diversified sectors, ranging from education, remediation, hyper cognitive, cognitive technologies, biomedical ethics, decision sciences, language sciences, urban planning, etc. That is why the [Cogmaster](http://sapience.dec.ens.fr/cogmaster/www/e_01_portail.php) introduces a new track for students: **Cognitive Science & applications**.

Students will be exposed to the theoretical bases and examples of application of cognitive engineering during the [lectures sessions](#teaching), through presentation and discussion by representants of academia and the industry. Student will read, present and discuss relevant materials during the different classes, and acquire the necessary skills to resolve complex engineering problems involving human operators.
In addition, students will have the opportunity to do an internship in companies or public administration in collaboration with researchers during their training.

## Skills and profiles

The Master's Program is intended for a small number of very motivated and dedicated students with a background from any of the foundational field of Cognitive Science (Psychology, Biology, Linguistics, Philosophy, Computer Science). It is also open to medical students, and students from competitive-entrance colleges or grandes écoles. These students are singled out on the basis of their **high motivation**, **interest** in the field, outstanding **intellectual and working abilities**, and educational achievement.

Each student will build his own scientific project that can serve many needs in our today society, and acquire different scientific expertises: **Cognition enhancement**, **Cognitive and social collaboration**, or **Cognitive Artificial Intelligence**.
